h1. Huffman JS

Huffman JS is an implementation of Huffman Algorithm in Javascript. It provides
full compatibility with Huffman algorithm reference.

h2. Basic Usage

Include the JS file with latest version in your site (it will be in @dist@ directory):

bc. <script type="text/javascript" src="huffman-0.9.0.min.js"></script>

Them you can do a lot of things, let get a basic usage by generating a custom tree:

bc. text = "some text to encode with huffman";
huffman = Huffman.treeFromText(text); // first we need to create the tree to make encoding/decoding
encoded = huffman.encode(text); // will return the compressed version of text
decoded = huffman.decode(encoded); // will decode text to original version

The idea to create a tree to use with same text may seem strange at first, but
you probably will want to have a default to your encoding/decodings, otherwise
you will need to send your tree with encoded text in order to decode it in other place.

h2. Encoding / Decoding Trees

You can easily save a Huffman Tree to use it again later (or transmit it will
encoded information to receiver be capable to decode it if you are not using
a default tree).

bc. text = "some text to encode with huffman";
huffman = Huffman.treeFromText(text); // generate the tree
treeEncoded = huffman.encodeTree(); // will return an javascript array with tree representation
treeAgain = Huffman.decodeTree(treeEncoded); // restore the tree based on array representation
treeJSON = JSON.stringify(treeEncoded); // get a JSON string for easy transportation

h2. Authors

Wilker Lúcio da Silva
